Update IS_APPBACKENDLI documentation on README (#928)
pagopa/io-backend: README.md

| APP_MESSAGES_API_KEY                   | The key used to authenticate to the io-functions-app-messages API                 | string |
| APP_MESSAGES_API_URL                   | The io-functions-app-messages URL                                                 | string |
| THIRD_PARTY_CONFIG_LIST                | (Optional, default empty) A list of ThirdParty Configuration                      | stringified JSON |

> | IS_APPBACKENDLI                        | (Optional, default false) Defines if code is deployed on appbackendli. This also enables `/notify` and `/lock` endpoints             | boolean |

Reviewer: More compact description focused on the behavior.
```suggestion
| IS_APPBACKENDLI                        | (Optional, default false) Enables notify and session lock endpoints working only on appbackendli | boolean |
```
